README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Statsify</h1>
<p align="center">
<img width="1920" height="392" src="https://i.ibb.co/hRmQV02D/Ads-z.png">
</p>
<div align="center">
Keyless stats mod for Hypixel Bedwars &amp; Duels
</div>

<br>

<div align="center">
This project is a fork continuation of <a href="https://github.com/xanning/Fontaine" >Fontaine</a>
</div>

## Features

![Powered by OneConfig](https://polyfrost.org/media/branding/badges/badge_1.svg)

- Check Bedwars stats in tablist like Lilith

- Check Classic Duels stats of your opponent when you queue a Classic duels match

- See other players' ping, recommended to use with [VanillaHUD](https://modrinth.com/mod/vanillahud) to see ping as a number rather than bars

- Urchin API Tags support

- Check any player's bedwars stats with `/bw`

- No API key required for core features

- Support skin and finals/beds denicking

- Pretty

## Showcase

<details>
<summary>Showcase</summary>

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/de154698-8eac-49c7-884f-eedd31f4385f)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d0ba280e-930f-439d-b6ed-3a258f778100)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/58d5a619-fb04-48c3-b0da-19df92880c6b)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/002a5a66-a5fd-49a1-b1be-7a45a8647553)


</div>
</details>

## Download

Go to the releases tab and download.


## Description

Statsify is an internal Forge 1.8.9 mod for Hypixel Bedwars, allows its users to check the stats of the players in their game, without having to bother with an external overlay, proxy, or an API key.

## Usage

All settings for the mod can be configured using OneConfig (press right shift).

To **check the stats of players in your game**, type `/who` in-game, or enable Auto Who in settings

To display **help command** type `/st`

To check an **individual**'s bedwars stats type `/bw <username>`

To **skin denick** type `/denick skin <player_name>`

To use the **number denicker** add the Aurora API key, you can get a key from [here](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=1244205279697174539), automatic during game, you can also manually use `/denick <finals | beds> <number>` afterwards

## Known issues

- Doesn't work on few VPN's, cant reproduce. PIA & Windscribe should work.
- Sometimes stats are failed to fetch due to ratelimits, you can either switch stats provider in settings or run `/who` again after a bit


## Owner Info
Original Creator: `melissalmao` - Melissa (fwrina)

Fontaine: `xanning`

Fork: `Roxiun`

Commit message:

update readme w blacklist command, make /st show blacklist command and add /bl alias

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Statsify</h1>
<p align="center">
<img width="1920" height="392" src="https://i.ibb.co/hRmQV02D/Ads-z.png">
</p>
<div align="center">
Keyless stats mod for Hypixel Bedwars &amp; Duels
</div>

<br>

<div align="center">
This project is a fork continuation of <a href="https://github.com/xanning/Fontaine" >Fontaine</a>
</div>

## Features

![Powered by OneConfig](https://polyfrost.org/media/branding/badges/badge_1.svg)

- Check Bedwars stats in tablist like Lilith

- Check Classic Duels stats of your opponent when you queue a Classic duels match

- See other players' ping, recommended to use with [VanillaHUD](https://modrinth.com/mod/vanillahud) to see ping as a number rather than bars

- Urchin API Tags support

- Check any player's bedwars stats with `/bw`

- No API key required for core features

- Support skin and finals/beds denicking

- Pretty

## Showcase

<details>
<summary>Showcase</summary>

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/de154698-8eac-49c7-884f-eedd31f4385f)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d0ba280e-930f-439d-b6ed-3a258f778100)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/58d5a619-fb04-48c3-b0da-19df92880c6b)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/002a5a66-a5fd-49a1-b1be-7a45a8647553)


</div>
</details>

## Download

Go to the releases tab and download.


## Description

Statsify is an internal Forge 1.8.9 mod for Hypixel Bedwars, allows its users to check the stats of the players in their game, without having to bother with an external overlay, proxy, or an API key.

## Usage

All settings for the mod can be configured using OneConfig (press right shift).

To **check the stats of players in your game**, type `/who` in-game, or enable Auto Who in settings

To display **help command** type `/st`

To check an **individual**'s bedwars stats type `/bw <username>`

To add a player to your **blacklist** type `/blacklist add <username>`

To **skin denick** type `/skindenick skin <username>`

To use the **number denicker** add the Aurora API key, you can get a key from [here](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=1244205279697174539), automatic during game, you can also manually use `/denick <finals | beds> <number>` afterwards

## Known issues

- Doesn't work on few VPN's, cant reproduce. PIA & Windscribe should work.
- Sometimes stats are failed to fetch due to ratelimits, you can either switch stats provider in settings or run `/who` again after a bit


## Owner Info
Original Creator: `melissalmao` - Melissa (fwrina)

Fontaine: `xanning`

Fork: `Roxiun`
